Presentation notes:

Objective:
What is bioinformatics:
the application of information technology and computer science to the fields
biology and medicine.
Some of the topics it covers-databases and information systems, aftificial intelligence, structural
biology, image processing and more
what our lab does:
software for NMR analysis
what we did
to create our own bioinformatic application
web app: protein statistic analyzer and RNA codon to protein converter
as well as jmol applet
[explain parts of site]
how we did it:
3 components of the web app simultaneaously:
HTML
CSS
java script

When we came in-we had no clue. In two weeks, we had to learn these languages and 
then apply them to create our web page

In the process, we used and the IDE (integrated development environment)
eclipse, which helped us edit and organize all of our files and project with ease.
When we're testing our code, eclipse let us move back and forth between our many differnent files 
and the browser

we also used git and github, which let us build and work on our project collaboratively
and simultaneuosly

git is a version control system-instead of our entire project being stored on one computer,
git stores the project on a remote server on the cloud. Each person who's working on the project,
however, has a copy of the project on their own computer. we can make changes on the 
local copy, and then 'push' or upload those changes to the cloud. the cool thing is that
git stores each and every version of the project that we commit, so if we make a mistake or want to change something
we can always go back. Git also automatically merges versions of the same files mutliple people work on 
easily...
HTML acts as the skeleton that determines the content and structure of our webpage.
[show example]
CSS stands for cascading style sheets-
it allows us to design our webpage with our unique styles-determining colors, fonts, backgrounds, positioning...
//the cool thing is that all of our styles are located in one sheet, so we can use the same styles...
javascript is a programming language. In terms of our website, javascript is what gives the webpage function-the algorithm were written in javascript
So to put it all together, we first wrote the HTML, then we used CSS style sheets to format and design it. Then we linked our javascript into the HTML to give it function.
jmol is a java program that is a 3d viewer for macromolecules. At school, we used something similar to it called rasmol-jmol is similar to it. Molecular visualization software. 
how this is done in real world
future directions

outline:
What is bio-informatics:

talk
what our lab does:
talk
what we did:
    designed a web app:
       -describe app, what it does
    learned about the interface between 
